[Term Entry] UI and UX Design UIUX (Ideation) Journey Maps (Issue #3950) (#4034)
Codecademy/docs: content/uiux/journey-map/journey-map.md

---

> Title: 'Journey Maps in UX'

Author: done

> Description: 'The visualization of the process that a person goes through in order to accomplish a goal with the intent of improving the overall user experience by providing a holistic view of the user's journey. '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'The visualization of the process that a user goes through to accomplish a goal using the application.'
```

Author: done

Subjects: 
- 'Web Design'
- 'Web Development'
Tags:
- 'UI'
- 'UX'
- 'Design'
CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-ui-ux'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

A journey map is a visualization of the process that a person goes through in order to accomplish a goal. In basic form the journey mapping starts by compiling a series of user actions into a timeline. Then, the timeline is fleshed out with user thoughts and emotions in order to create a narrative which best fits that users persona throughout the customers journey. 

## How Journey map is used in UX**
 The Journey Map, helps teams understand and visualize the end-to-end experience of a user as they interact with a product or service. They provide a comprehensive view of the user's interactions, emotions, and touchpoints throughout their journey. These maps are a versatile tool in UX design that aids in understanding, visualizing, and improving the overall user experience by providing a holistic view of the user's journey.

> ![Journey map](../../../media/journey_map#2.jpg)

Reviewer 2: The link should look like this instead of path. Also instead of that `#` use `-` in the image name.

Author: done

> ![Journey map](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/journey-map.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

![Steps to follow in creating a Journey Map](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/journey-map.jpg)
```

Author: done

---
Title: 'Journey Maps in UX'

> Description: ''

Reviewer 2: give small description here please

Author: done

Subjects: 
- 'Web Design'
- 'Web Development'
Tags:
- 'UI'
- 'UX'

> - 'Design'

Reviewer 2: can you please explain the `tag.md` folder changes that you've done? Alot of those changes are not used here.

Author: I only added (ui ux and design) I figured those are appropraite tags for the doc I am working on. no?

CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-ui-ux'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> ### Journey Maps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: done

A journey map is a visualization of the process that a person goes through in order to accomplish a goal. In basic form the journey mapping starts by compiling a series of user actions into a timeline. Then, the timeline is fleshed out with user thoughts and emotions in order to create a narrative which best fits that users persona throughout the customers journey. 

> **How They Are Used In UX**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How Journey map is used in UX

```

Author: done

>  The Journey Map, helps teams understand and visualize the end-to-end experience of a user as they interact with a product or service. They provide a comprehensive view of the user's interactions, emotions, and touch points throughout their journey.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 The Journey Map, helps teams understand and visualize the end-to-end experience of a user as they interact with a product or service. They provide a comprehensive view of the user's interactions, emotions, and touchpoints throughout their journey.
 
```

Author: done
